
1. Secret Crush - Romance, School life
2. Childhood Friends - Romance, Adult
3. Her Time - Drama, Romance. After 6 months MC's wife died, she appears as his student.
4. A beautiful love story, heartbreaking, mind-fuck. Feels like I'm watching Nolan's movie.
5. You're No Good - Romance, School life, Drama - MC has lack of confidence, and that's why the author describes MC's head in a weird way.
6. Broken Melody - Love story, Drama - She's only a kid, a prodigy in classical piano, but her life is miserable, abandoned by her closest ones. Don't expect lovey-dovey romance, only pure love that's heartbreaking and bitter. (I cried while reading this).
7. Springtime for Blossom - School life, Drama - MC is a loser, and one day a goddess from his class asks him to live with her.
8. Forever Mine - Romance, School life, Drama - MC and FMC spent all their lives together due to a family curse.
9. Doridosim - Romcom, School life. Accidentally, MC proposed to the wrong female friend (FMC).
10. Mango's Bone - Romance, School life, Drama. I found this manhwa has a really good and bitter story (I almost cried, damn).
11. How About Having Dinner Together? - Romance, Drama - FMC thinks she can forget her broken relationship by befriending a man. Do you believe men and women can be best friends?
12. The Lady and Her Butler - Romance, Drama - FMC doesn't want a man in her life, but a broke, homeless man begs to live with her.
13. Que Sera Sera - Romance, Drama - FMC is a working girl with no interest in dating or family. But an accident with her friend’s younger brother changes her life.
14. Mr. Kang - Romance, Drama - MC is shy and a loser, but why is he living with a gold digger?
15. Why Did You Come To My Home - Romance, Drama - After years, FMC’s childhood crush comes to stay in her house. Another good vanilla romance.
16. Annoying Alice - Romcom - FMC is cute and funny; she tries to get the attention of her shy boss.
17. Skill Of Lure - Romcom, School life - MC is always misunderstood as a pervert due to his awkwardness around girls. Luckily, he meets a mentor who teaches him how to approach girls.
18. Close As Neighbors - Romcom, Adult. There is 1 MC and 4 FMCs, including a tsundere who tries to get MC’s attention.
19. Miss Mystic - NTR, Romance, Adult, Psychological, Drama - MC's life falls apart after seeing a beautiful, mysterious girl on the subway. (Don't bother with the side story chapters).
20. She is Young - Romcom, Drama, Adult. This manhwa has a good and heartbreaking story.
21. She's The Girl - Romance, Adult, Drama. MC is much younger than FMC, and FMC sacrificed her dream for something. Similar to *She’s Young*, it has a good and heartbreaking story.

**Ongoing:**

22. What's Going On? - Romance, Drama, School life, Adult
23. Perfect Half - Romance, Drama, Action, Adult
24. His Women's University - Romcom, School life, Drama - MC dreams of attending a university full of beautiful girls, but why is he the only guy there?
25. Perfect Honeymoon
26. Shall We Have Dinner Tonight?
27. July Found by Chance
28. My Love is a Gangster?!
29. Cheese in the Trap
30. We Broke Up
31. Nineteen, Twenty-One
32. By Chance, We... and…
33. Looking for a Father
34. Sweet X Trouble
35. Girls of the Wild's
36. My Boo
37. A Pervert's Daily Life
38. Young Girl
39. Sweet Guy
40. The Taming of the Shrew
41. Her Shim-Cheong
42. Hero Waltz
43. My Heart is Beating
44. unTOUCHable
